TODO	Replace binds with build in commands

	Binds are great, and the fact that I can implement many basic
	features like bookmarks is fantastic but such approach takes
	away many binds that could be used for quick URI navigation.
	Even tho stuff like go up in URI path can be implemented with
	bind, now I think it's better to have those fundamental stuff
	build in as lowercase commands.

TODO	Display commands help on empty prompt

	At the moment empty prompt does nothing.  But I found that
	when not using Yupa daily I don't rly remember even the basics
	commands.  So it would be nice to have quicker access to them,
	quicker than full Help menu as Help menu opens Less that you
	have to quit from before inserting new prompt.  So I propose
	to show very condensed help on empty prompt.

TODO	Improve history.gmi file

	Browsing history is very often used because without tabs it
	plays big role in navigation between recently open pages.  But
	it's cluttered and repeats the same entries often.  It would
	be beneficial to make it more user friendly.

	I have few things in mind:

	1. Divide history.gmi file into separate file per year.  That
	   way dates inside history log can be shorter and we will
	   load smaller file while still keeping entire browsing
	   history with files: history/2025.gmi, history/2024.gmi.

	2. Have second history only for given session that don't have
	   dates, only links that are in order of last visited without
	   duplication.

TODO	Display current URI

	Either on top of the rendered page or before prompt.  I print
	current URI very often to see where am I, to apply navigation
	command like ../ or to simply understand where I was redirected
	when using link without checking it URI.

TODO	Add details to gemini links

	When navigating Gopher links it's easy to see what kind of link
	you are clicking on because type of resource is always printed.
	So I know that I'm going to open non Gopher link like image, or
	html before I choose that link without checking the full URI.
	In Gemini I don't have that.  I would like to add it for all
	non Gemini links.  So I'm not surprised that suddenly browser
	is open or video will be downloaded.

	Gemini protocol is designed like HTTP which means user don't
	know the contnet-type in advance.  It's defined by response.
	But in many cases link content can be predicted by the protocol
	or file extensions.

TODO	Handle Gemini sensitive input in gmi_onheader case '1'
